subject_id : Identifier of the subject from the UCI data set
activity_id : Identifier of the activity from the UCI data set
activity : Descriptive name of the activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAcc_mean__X : Average of tBodyAcc_mean__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAcc_mean__Y : Average of tBodyAcc_mean__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAcc_mean__Z : Average of tBodyAcc_mean__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tGravityAcc_mean__X : Average of tGravityAcc_mean__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tGravityAcc_mean__Y : Average of tGravityAcc_mean__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tGravityAcc_mean__Z : Average of tGravityAcc_mean__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccJerk_mean__X : Average of tBodyAccJerk_mean__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccJerk_mean__Y : Average of tBodyAccJerk_mean__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccJerk_mean__Z : Average of tBodyAccJerk_mean__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyro_mean__X : Average of tBodyGyro_mean__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyro_mean__Y : Average of tBodyGyro_mean__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyro_mean__Z : Average of tBodyGyro_mean__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroJerk_mean__X : Average of tBodyGyroJerk_mean__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroJerk_mean__Y : Average of tBodyGyroJerk_mean__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroJerk_mean__Z : Average of tBodyGyroJerk_mean__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccMag_mean_ : Average of tBodyAccMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tGravityAccMag_mean_ : Average of tGravityAccMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccJerkMag_mean_ : Average of tBodyAccJerkMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroMag_mean_ : Average of tBodyGyroMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroJerkMag_mean_ : Average of tBodyGyroJerkMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAcc_mean__X : Average of fBodyAcc_mean__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAcc_mean__Y : Average of fBodyAcc_mean__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAcc_mean__Z : Average of fBodyAcc_mean__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAccJerk_mean__X : Average of fBodyAccJerk_mean__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAccJerk_mean__Y : Average of fBodyAccJerk_mean__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAccJerk_mean__Z : Average of fBodyAccJerk_mean__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyGyro_mean__X : Average of fBodyGyro_mean__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyGyro_mean__Y : Average of fBodyGyro_mean__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyGyro_mean__Z : Average of fBodyGyro_mean__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAccMag_mean_ : Average of fBodyAccMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_mean_ : Average of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyBodyGyroMag_mean_ : Average of fBodyBodyGyroMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_mean_ : Average of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_mean_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAcc_std__X : Average of tBodyAcc_std__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAcc_std__Y : Average of tBodyAcc_std__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAcc_std__Z : Average of tBodyAcc_std__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tGravityAcc_std__X : Average of tGravityAcc_std__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tGravityAcc_std__Y : Average of tGravityAcc_std__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tGravityAcc_std__Z : Average of tGravityAcc_std__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccJerk_std__X : Average of tBodyAccJerk_std__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccJerk_std__Y : Average of tBodyAccJerk_std__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccJerk_std__Z : Average of tBodyAccJerk_std__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyro_std__X : Average of tBodyGyro_std__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyro_std__Y : Average of tBodyGyro_std__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyro_std__Z : Average of tBodyGyro_std__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroJerk_std__X : Average of tBodyGyroJerk_std__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroJerk_std__Y : Average of tBodyGyroJerk_std__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroJerk_std__Z : Average of tBodyGyroJerk_std__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccMag_std_ : Average of tBodyAccMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tGravityAccMag_std_ : Average of tGravityAccMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyAccJerkMag_std_ : Average of tBodyAccJerkMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroMag_std_ : Average of tBodyGyroMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
tBodyGyroJerkMag_std_ : Average of tBodyGyroJerkMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAcc_std__X : Average of fBodyAcc_std__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAcc_std__Y : Average of fBodyAcc_std__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAcc_std__Z : Average of fBodyAcc_std__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAccJerk_std__X : Average of fBodyAccJerk_std__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAccJerk_std__Y : Average of fBodyAccJerk_std__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAccJerk_std__Z : Average of fBodyAccJerk_std__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyGyro_std__X : Average of fBodyGyro_std__X for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyGyro_std__Y : Average of fBodyGyro_std__Y for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyGyro_std__Z : Average of fBodyGyro_std__Z for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyAccMag_std_ : Average of fBodyAccMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_std_ : Average of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyBodyGyroMag_std_ : Average of fBodyBodyGyroMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_std_ : Average of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag_std_ for each subject and activity from the UCI data set